doc: reorder ros2_control TOC (#3478)
ros-controls/ros2_control: doc/introspection.rst

Reviewer: Sorry, I meant here in this paragraph. The old version only speaks about hardware components, but this can be merged with the "Monitoring and Tuning" paragraph without adding a new heading.

Author: I've merged the text directly into that paragraph and removed the extra heading as you suggested.

.. note::
  If you have a high frequency of data, it is recommended to use the ``~/introspection_data/names`` and ``~/introspection_data/values`` topic. So, that the data transferred and stored is minimized.

.. _monitoring_and_tuning:

> Along with the above introspection data, the ``controller_manager`` also publishes the statistics of the execution time and periodicity of the read and write cycles of the hardware components and the update cycle of the controllers. This is done by registering the statistics of these variables and publishing them on the ``~/statistics`` topic. Additionally, the ros2_control ``controller_interface`` has a ``ControllerUpdateStats`` structure which can be used to monitor the controller update rate and the missed update cycles. The data is published to the ``/diagnostics`` and also ``/controller_manager/introspection_data/*`` topics. This can be used to fine tune the controller update rate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Along with the above introspection data, the ``controller_manager`` also publishes the statistics of the execution time and periodicity of the read and write cycles of the hardware components and the update cycle of the controllers. This is done by registering the statistics of these variables and publishing them on the ``~/statistics`` topic, a summary is also published to the ``/diagnostics`` topic.
```

I am not sure about the `ControllerUpdateStats`, I don't think that this can be accessed by user code.

Author: Makes sense, I've applied the suggestion. Thanks for clarifying.

   .. image:: images/plotjuggler_visualizing_data.png
      :alt: PlotJuggler Visualizing Data

.. _monitoring_and_tuning:

> Monitoring and Tuning

Reviewer: Please move this paragraph at the end of _Introspection of the ros2_control setup_ or merge it with the current statements there.

Author: I’ve merged the section into Introspection of the ros2_control setup
